add asb metadata based on PR dapr/components-contrib#2203 (#3799)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/servicebusqueues.md

- `create`: publishes a message to the specified queue

## Message metadata

Azure Service Bus messages extend the Dapr message format with additional contextual metadata. Some metadata fields are set by Azure Service Bus itself (read-only) and others can be set by the client when publishing a message through `Invoke` binding call with `create` operation.

### Sending a message with metadata

> To set Azure Service Bus metadata when sending a message, set the query parameters on the HTTP request or the gRPC metadata as documented [here](https://docs.dapr.io/reference/api/pubsub_api/#metadata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set Azure Service Bus metadata when sending a message, set the query parameters on the HTTP request or the gRPC metadata, as documented [here]({{< ref "pubsub_api.md#metadata" >}}).
```

- `metadata.MessageId`
- `metadata.CorrelationId`
- `metadata.SessionId`
- `metadata.Label`
- `metadata.ReplyTo`
- `metadata.PartitionKey`
- `metadata.To`
- `metadata.ContentType`
- `metadata.ScheduledEnqueueTimeUtc`
- `metadata.ReplyToSessionId`

> > **Note:** The `metadata.MessageId` property does not set the `id` property of the cloud event returned by Dapr and should be treated in isolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
- The `metadata.MessageId` property does not set the `id` property of the cloud event returned by Dapr and should be treated in isolation.
- The `metadata.ScheduledEnqueueTimeUtc` property supports the [RFC1123](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc1123) and [RFC3339](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339) timestamp formats.
{{% /alert %}}
```

> > **Note:** The `metadata.ScheduledEnqueueTimeUtc` property supports the [RFC1123](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc1123) and [RFC3339](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339) timestamp formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Receiving a message with metadata

> When Dapr calls your application, it will attach Azure Service Bus message metadata to the request using either HTTP headers or gRPC metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Dapr calls your application, it attaches Azure Service Bus message metadata to the request using either HTTP headers or gRPC metadata.
```

In addition to the [settable metadata listed above](#sending-a-message-with-metadata), you can also access the following read-only message metadata.

- `metadata.DeliveryCount`
- `metadata.LockedUntilUtc`
- `metadata.LockToken`
- `metadata.EnqueuedTimeUtc`
- `metadata.SequenceNumber`

To find out more details on the purpose of any of these metadata properties, please refer to [the official Azure Service Bus documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/servicebus/message-headers-and-properties#message-headers).

> > Note: that all times are populated by the server and are not adjusted for clock skews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
All times are populated by the server and are not adjusted for clock skews.
{{% /alert %}}
```

- `create`: publishes a message to the specified queue

## Message metadata

Azure Service Bus messages extend the Dapr message format with additional contextual metadata. Some metadata fields are set by Azure Service Bus itself (read-only) and others can be set by the client when publishing a message through `Invoke` binding call with `create` operation.

### Sending a message with metadata

> To set Azure Service Bus metadata when sending a message, set the query parameters on the HTTP request or the gRPC metadata as documented [here]({{< ref "pubsub_api.md#metadata" >}}).

Author: @ItalyPaleAle just a quick clarification, I believe we can set the metadata in the bindings request similar to how we set for pubsub right?

Reviewer 2: Yes it should be similar: https://docs.dapr.io/reference/api/bindings_api/#invoking-output-bindings

Reviewer 2: Although that link there is for pubsub and should eb changed to the bindings one

> To set Azure Service Bus metadata when sending a message, set the query parameters on the HTTP request or the gRPC metadata as documented [here]({{< ref "pubsub_api.md#metadata" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set Azure Service Bus metadata when sending a message, set the query parameters on the HTTP request or the gRPC metadata as documented [here]({{< ref "bindings_api.md" >}}).
```
